Added new defintions (#53)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/H.md

Software trigger. Software that decides if data from the detectore gets written to storage or thrown away.

## HPD: Hybrid Photon Detectors {#HPD}

> A vacuum photodetector, that consists of a vacuum photon tube and a pixel silicon detector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vacuum photodetector consisting of a vacuum photon tube and a pixel silicon detector.
```

> HPDs were used in the original LHCb design (Run 1 and Run 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPDs were used in the original LHCb design (Runs 1 and 2).
```
